Trixie image updates and accessibility changes (#4207)
raspberrypi/documentation: documentation/asciidoc/accessories/build-hat/preparing-build-hat.adoc

NOTE: Before starting to work with your Raspberry Pi Build HAT you should xref:../computers/getting-started.adoc#setting-up-your-raspberry-pi[set up] your Raspberry Pi, xref:../computers/getting-started.adoc#installing-the-operating-system[install] the latest version of the operating system using https://www.raspberrypi.com/downloads/[Raspberry Pi Imager].

> Attach 9mm spacers to the bottom of the board. Seat the Raspberry Pi Build HAT onto your Raspberry Pi. Make sure you put it on the right way up. Unlike other HATs, all the components are on the bottom, leaving room for a breadboard or LEGO® elements on top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Attach 9 mm spacers to the bottom of the board. Seat the Raspberry Pi Build HAT onto your Raspberry Pi. Make sure you put it on the right way up. Unlike other HATs, all the components are on the bottom, leaving room for a breadboard or LEGO® elements on top.
```
